<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<style type="text/css">

body{
     

    }
    #header {
       
        height: 30px;
        padding-top: 5px;    
        color: gray;  
        font: 400 40px/35px "Arial Rounded",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
        padding-left: 20px;
        background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);
        font-weight: 400;
        
    }
    
#leftboundary {
	border-right-width: medium;
	border-right-style: solid;
	
}
#rightboundary {
	border-left-width: medium;
	border-left-style: solid;
	
}
   
    
  #social{
         line-height: 2px;
	 
     color:#5b5c5d;     
     font: 200 15px/22px "Helvetica Neue",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
    }  
   h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6 { 
 color: rgb(65, 105, 225);
	font-family: Georgia, sans-serif;
	line-height: 20px;
	margin-bottom:
        5px;
    padding: 9px 20px;
    font-weight: 400;
/*	text-transform: uppercase;*/
}
h1 {
	 background: none;
	 font-size: 27px;
	 line-height:27px;
 	 padding:0;
     color: Red;
}
h2 { font-size: 24px; line-height: 32px; }
h3 { font-size: 20px; }
h4.no-margin,
h3.no-margin, 
h2.no-margin { margin: 0 !important; }
h4 { font-size: 18px; }
h5 { font-size: 14px; margin-bottom: 10px; }
h6 { font-size: 12px; margin-bottom: 10px; }
h2.grey { color:#888888; }
.header { background: url(../../../images/patterns/bg-header-services.png) 0 7px repeat-x; background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);}
.header h5 { background: white; display: inline-block; margin-bottom: 15px; padding-right: 10px; }
.header h4 { background: white; display: inline-block; margin-bottom: 15px; padding-right: 10px; }

pre, 
code, 
blockquote, 
p, ol,li,
textarea {
	 line-height: 24px;
	 margin-bottom: 15px;
     color:#5b5c5d;     
     font: 400 15px/22px "Helvetica Neue",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
}
    
p {
	line-height: 18px;
	margin-bottom: 5px;
	padding: 10px 25px;
    }


   
    
textarea { overflow: hidden }
   
     #mybold{
      font-size: 25px;
     background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);
     height: 30px;
     padding: 8px 5px;
    }

    #footer {
      
      background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);    
        padding-top: 5px;
        font-size: 20px;
        font-family: Georgia, sans-serif;
        color: #fff;
        padding-left: 20px;
        
    }
</style>
</head>
<body style="padding:0;margin:0">
<table width="100%"   >
     <tr>
    
  </tr>
  <tr>
   
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="15%" ></td>
    <td>&nbsp;
		
	</td>
    <td width="15%" ></td
>
  </tr>
  <tr >

    <td>&nbsp;	</td>

	<td style="background-color:#fbfbfb; border: 1px solid gray; -moz-border-radius: 3px; background-size: 100%; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center;" >
   
    <p style="font-size: 50px">SCHOOLRUNS.COM</p>
        <br/>
         <p>Click to access <strong><a href="${schoolurl}">${school.name}</a></strong> portal here
      <U><div id="mybold"> ADMINISTRATIVE ACCESS</div></U></p>
	  
	  <p>We want to first of all welcome <strong>${school.name}</strong> to our cloud-hosted  enterprise school  management system &ndash; SchoolRuns.com.</p>
      <p>We provide a highly configurable  system that enable schools to run different departments of schools or  educational institutions thereby alleviating management the pain of  record keeping, backup and archival, parents and staff notification,  student analysis and as well as exam and records.</p>
      <p>The system&rsquo;s core advantage can  therefore be summarized into the following broad categories</p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          School Management System
        </li>
        <li>
          Secured School Records Backup  	service
        </li>
        <li>School continuity Service and disaster recovery.        </li>
        <li>
          Parent &amp; Student Analytics
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p>We have attached a brochure on this  product to this mail to help you understand the necessary details of  each of the above highlighted category.<U></U></p>
      <U><div id="mybold">ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS</div></U>
      <p>Upon the registration of your school  on the SchoolRuns.com platform, an administrative credential has been  created with the following properties.</p>
      <center>
        <table width="577" style="line-height: 24px;
	 margin-bottom: 15px;
     color:#5b5c5d;     
     font: 400 15px/22px Helvetica Neue,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;">
          <tr valign="top">
            <th width="125"></th>
            <th width="196">Value</th>
            <th width="215">Purpose</th>
          </tr>
          <tr valign="top">
            <td >Username</td>
            <td>${userLogin.username}</td>
            <td>Login</td>
          </tr>
          <tr valign="top">
            <td>Password</td>
            <td><em>same as username</em></td>
            <td>Login</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Email</td>
            <td>${userLogin.email}</td>
            <td>Contact</td>
          </tr>
          <tr valign="top">
            <td>Phone number</td>
            <td>${userLogin.phoneNumber}</td>
            <td>Contact</td>
          </tr>
        </table>
      </center>
      <p>With the administrative access, a  user can login into SchoolRuns.com portal and perform more configurations  such as classrooms, timetable, classes, subjects, staff and student  configuration plus user access (security). More on application  features, usage and help guide can also be found in the attached  brochure.</p>
      <p>An SMS has also been sent to the  phone number above, welcoming you to this platform.<U></U></p>
      <p>The internet address of your school's portal is <a href="${schoolurl}">${school.url}</a>. If clicking on the address doesn not open your school portal in a browser, you should copy and paste this address in the browser to access your school. Remember to bookmark the address of your school portal on your browser for ease of access.</p>
      <U><div id="mybold">SUPPORT CENTER</div></U>
      <p>SchoolRuns.com has a team of support  staff to assist you all the way through your use of the application.  They are available to guide your use of the application when needed,  log any issues you may encounter while using the application, log  feature request for the application and will be your first level of  contact with our team.</p>
     <p>To visit the support website please click <a href="http://support.schoolruns.com.ng">here</a></p> 
      <p>Our Social network is also active and you can like us on <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Schoolrunscom/549737731728892">facebook</a>, to hear of new developments you can follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/Schoolruns_com">twitter</a>
      For a guide and quick software tour please visit channel on <a href="http://www.youtube.com">Youtube</a>
       .The phone number to call are :  08025147805, 08143363154, 08066012270</p>
      <p>
        Once again we are happy to have you  join our growing community of SchoolRuns.com platform are we redefine  education and school management.      </p>      
      <p>Regards,<br />
   	SchoolRuns.com Team.</p>
    <div id="footer">
    <table  id="social">
        <tr>
        <td>
         <a href="http://www.schoolruns.com.ng">Schoolruns.com</a>
        </td>
            <td>
         <a href="https://twitter.com/Schoolruns_com"><p>Twitter</p></a>
        </td>
            <td>
         <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Schoolrunscom/549737731728892"><p>Facebook</p></a>
        </td>
            <td>
        <p>Email contacts: marketing@schoolruns.com.ng</p>   
        </td>
           <td><p></p></td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
        <td></td>
             <td></td>
             <td></td><td></td>
             
        </tr>


    </table>

    
    
    </div></td>
      <td></td>
	

  </tr>
    <tr><td></td></tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>
