<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
        <style type="text/css">

            body{


            }
            #header {

                height: 30px;
                padding-top: 5px;    
                color: gray;  
                font: 400 40px/35px "Arial Rounded",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
                padding-left: 20px;
                background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);
                font-weight: 400;

            }

            #leftboundary {
                border-right-width: medium;
                border-right-style: solid;

            }
            #rightboundary {
                border-left-width: medium;
                border-left-style: solid;

            }


            #social{
                line-height: 2px;

                color:#5b5c5d;     
                font: 200 15px/22px "Helvetica Neue",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
            }  
            h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6 { 
                color: rgb(65, 105, 225);
                font-family: Georgia, sans-serif;
                line-height: 20px;
                margin-bottom:
                    5px;
                padding: 9px 20px;
                font-weight: 400;
                /*	text-transform: uppercase;*/
            }
            h1 {
                background: none;
                font-size: 27px;
                line-height:27px;
                padding:0;
                color: Red;
            }
            h2 { font-size: 24px; line-height: 32px; }
            h3 { font-size: 20px; }
            h4.no-margin,
            h3.no-margin, 
            h2.no-margin { margin: 0 !important; }
            h4 { font-size: 18px; }
            h5 { font-size: 14px; margin-bottom: 10px; }
            h6 { font-size: 12px; margin-bottom: 10px; }
            h2.grey { color:#888888; }
            .header { background: url(../../../images/patterns/bg-header-services.png) 0 7px repeat-x; background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);}
            .header h5 { background: white; display: inline-block; margin-bottom: 15px; padding-right: 10px; }
            .header h4 { background: white; display: inline-block; margin-bottom: 15px; padding-right: 10px; }

            pre, 
            code, 
            blockquote, 
            p, ol,li,
            textarea {
                line-height: 24px;
                margin-bottom: 15px;
                color:#5b5c5d;     
                font: 400 15px/22px "Helvetica Neue",Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;
            }

            p { line-height: 18px; margin-bottom: 15px;
                padding: 10px 25px;
            }




            textarea { overflow: hidden }

            #mybold{
                font-size: 25px;
                background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);
                height: 30px;
                padding: 8px 5px;
            }

            #footer {

                background-color: rgb(152, 174, 239);    
                padding-top: 5px;
                font-size: 20px;
                font-family: Georgia, sans-serif;
                color: #fff;
                padding-left: 20px;

            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body style="padding:0;margin:0">
        <table width="100%"   >

            <tr>
                <td width="15%" ></td>
                <td>&nbsp;

                </td>
                <td width="15%" ></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td width="15%">&nbsp;	</td>

                <td style="background-color:#fbfbfb; border: 1px solid gray; -moz-border-radius: 3px; background-size: 100%; background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: center;" >
                    <p style="font-size: 50px">${sender}</p>
                    <br/>
                    <p>Parent portal access <a href="http://parent.schoolruns.com.ng" target="_blank">Here</a><U><div id="mybold"> PARENT ACCOUNT FOR WARDS</div></U></p>
                    <p><strong>Dear ${parent.fullname} </strong>,</p>
                    <p>Since at SchoolRuns.com, we stress the need for parents to constantly observe and monitor the development of their children and wards, we want to welcome  you to our cloud-hosted, multi-sited enterprise school  management system &ndash; SchoolRuns.com, that allows you to do just that and much more. </p>
                    <p>With SchoolRuns.com, you will be able to follow your child or ward's activities at school on real-time and keep abreast of School's activities. This is made possible through our real-time SMS, email and school portal broadcast system that constantly keeps you up-to-date with activities. Your ward/child academic results as well as historical archives are also within your finger tips. </p>
                    <p>The system&rsquo;s core advantages for parents/guardians can  be summarized into the following broad categories:</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>Up-to-date information alerts on school's and child/ward's activity. </li>
                        <li>Messaging platform for School-Parent communication. </li>
                        <li>Academic (exam and/or continuous assessment) results archival for Student.</li>
                        <li>Student analytics for parents.</li>
                        <li>Continuous integration of child/ward's school's history across schools.</li>
                        <li>View and printable access of historical record.</li>
                    </ol>
                    <p>We have attached a brochure on this  product to this mail to help you understand the necessary details of  each of the above highlighted category.<U></U></p>
                    <U><div id="mybold"> ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS</div></U>
                    <p>Upon the registration of your school  on the SchoolRuns.com platform, a parents credential has been  created with the following properties.</p>
                    <center>
                        <table width="577" style="line-height: 24px;
                               margin-bottom: 15px;
                               color:#5b5c5d;     
                               font: 400 15px/22px Helvetica Neue,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;">

                            <tr valign="top">
                                <td width="125"></td>
                                <td width="196">Value</td>
                                <td width="215">Purpose</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr valign="top">
                                <td >Username</td>
                                <td>${userLogin.username}</td>
                                <td>Login</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr valign="top">
                                <td>Password</td>
                                <td>${userLogin.username}</td>
                                <td>Login</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <td>Email</td>
                                <td>${userLogin.email}</td>
                                <td>Contact</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr valign="top">
                                <td>Phone number</td>
                                <td>${userLogin.phoneNumber}</td>
                                <td>Contact</td>
                            </tr>
                        </table>
                    </center>
                    <p>With this access, parents can login into the <a href="http://parent.schoolruns.com.ng" target="_blank">school portal</a> on demand to </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>view details of child/ward's activities at school. These details stretches beyond academics into sports, awards, disciplinary actions and social activities.</li>
                        <li>send messages to contact school.</li>
                        <li>view all-in-one-page-analysis of school academic performance (summary). </li>
                        <li>view all-in-one-page-analysis of child/ward's academic performance across school, grade and class. </li>
                        <li>view all-in-one-page-analysis of child/ward's academic performance for an term session against his/her previous performance. </li>
                        <li>view history of child/ward's performance across different SchoolRuns-complaint schools. </li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>An SMS has also been sent to the  phone number above, welcoming you to this platform.<U></U></p>
                    <U><div id="mybold">SUPPORT CENTER</div></U>
                    <p>SchoolRuns.com has a team of support  staff to assist you all the way through your use of the application.  They are available to guide your use of the application when needed,  log any issues you may encounter while using the application, log  feature request for the application and will be your first level of  contact with our team.</p>
                    <p>To visit the support website please click <a href="http://support.schoolruns.com.ng">here</a></p> 
                    <p>Our Social network is also active and you can like us on <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Schoolrunscom/549737731728892">facebook</a>, to hear of new developments you can follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/Schoolruns_com">twitter</a>
                        For a guide and quick software tour please visit channel on <a href="http://www.youtube.com">Youtube</a>
                        .The phone number to call are :  08025147805, 08143363154, 08066012270</p>
                    <p>
                        Once again we are happy to have you  join our growing community of SchoolRuns platform are we redefine  education and school management.      </p>      
                    <p>Regards,<br />

                        SchoolRuns.com Team.</p>
                    <div id="footer">
                        <table  id="social">
                            <tr>
                                <td width="78">
                                    <a href="http://www.schoolruns.com.ng">Schoolruns.com</a>
                                </td>
                                <td width="94">
                                    <a href="https://twitter.com/Schoolruns_com"><p>Twitter</p></a>
                                </td>
                                <td width="114">
                                    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Schoolrunscom/549737731728892"><p>Facebook</p></a>
                                </td>
                                <td width="405">
                                    <p>Email contacts: marketing@schoolruns.com.ng</p>   
                                </td>
                                <td width="110"><p></p></td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <td></td>
                                <td></td>
                                <td></td><td></td>

                            </tr>
                        </table>
                    </div></td>
                <td></td>


            </tr>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>
